---
layout: post
title: Week5
---

What did you do this past week?

Last week was very intense. I've spent much time on the 3rd project. I think it is a large project, I've cooperated with my teammate to write thousands lines of code. In the beginning, we started from addition and minus, which we thought were easy to finish. Actually, it is not. To make it work is easy, but the prerequisites is something we've spent a lot of time on. To assure the efficiency, we tried to minimize the number of temporary variables, as well as the time of initialization. And to avoid copy constructor, we have to consider all possibility, which made the code become really complicated. We continued to use this method for multiplication. However, it turns our test cases didn't covered all kinds of situation, so we had to make sure where is the problem, in multiplication or in addition, subtraction or others. It kept consuming time and effort, although in the end we got what we need, we were both too tired to move on. 

Later, we tried another strategy, we used initialization and several temporary variables just to make it work, regardless the efficiency. In this way, we can just focus on algorithm, and don't need to pay attention to details of these methods. Soon, we've finished all the tests, and actually the efficiency is also good. I believe if we want to do more to improve efficient, the code will be much easier for us to maintain.


What's in your way?

For the pair programming, we did benefit a lot from cooperation, especially in the algorithm discussion. However, in implementation part, explaining every single lines to pair made me feel interrupted. My partner did help me to find some typo problem, but still the efficiency is kind of low. Maybe I need to find some trade off between the frequency of explaining code and the correctness of every single line.

What will you do next week?

I'd like to work on new project with new team member, and apply these lessons I've learned in this project into that.