---
layout: post
title: Week8
---

Final Review

I've learned a lot from the course this summer. Firstly, the generic programming theory is really useful. I've used c++/c# to build some information systems before. And generally, all of these code were just trying to make it work. Although I knew maintenance was important, I just couldn't find good way to do that. And in this course, I've learned how to use template to create fancy functions or classes with various types. And also, the design patterns for large scale software helps me a great deal in my real world work. I can apply these theories into my intern. For example, when I do the design work for data layer building, the ideas of "open close principle" helps me find a good way to ensure the quality of the api. 

Secondly, the details about c++ and STL are really fantastic. I've used several languages, but the key thing I am familiar with is the pure data structure and algorithms. I've been trained for algorithm competition, but never been trained for engineering stuff. Although I can tell the general idea of each functionality of most of the tools, I didn't know how they were implemented. In the project3 (deque), I could go deeper inside the implementation of it, even though our work was just a small subset of that. 

Another exciting thing is that in this course, the professor encouraged us to try some software engineering stuff. Every project, we used github as a version control and collaboration tool, and the Test-Driven-Development method was also required. Pair programming is another interesting experience in this summer. I can tell the benefits of that, especially in the deque project.

Finally, I appreciate prof. Downing, I can say this is the best course I’ve taken in UT. 