---
layout: post
title: Week4
---

What did you do this past week?

Last week, I've paid attention to the standard library tools. The way they implemented these tools were easy to understand in general, but there still are many details. For example, in the vector, we can use reserve(n) to reserve room for the array inside the vector, but this will not change any value of that. But if we use resize(n), then all the memory will be cleaned. 

And for the "set", I've learned that they are implemented using a binary tree, which indicated that inside the "unordered" data structure, the data may also be stored in order.

Another thing interested me is that we the template can also be used for functions and lambdas, in building the "allOf" function template, I've learned that sometimes we just need to provide a format, but unnecessary to check the validity of the way users use that, which is their duty. 


What's in your way?

I got trouble when first time to learn the lambda, as well as the conception of closures or function template. Especially when use an auto to declare a function pointer but get a type which we don't know. So I read the code in examples, and tried them in my own compilers, to make sure the way it works. 

What will you do next week?

Firstly, hope I can do good in the first test. And then, find an opportunity to practice pair programming for project3. 

Other things:

I've tried to solve the compile circle program last week in python. I was using sqlAlchemy, and there was on relationship need to be made between two table classes inside two different packages. Importing B for A will make A work, but if we also import A for B, there will be an import circle problem while if not, then B won't work either. So I have to go back to the design, making sure the compile sequence, so that all the code can work.   