---
layout: post
title: Week3
---

What did you do this past week?

Last week, I've tried pair programming with my team member to solve the second project. The general strategy is thinking individually, discussing together, and coding together. When we got the problem, we've analyzed it individually. Then we talked to each other about the meaning of the puzzle, and compared each's algorithms. After discussion, we chose the better algorithm, and decided which data structure, or standard library tool to support the algorithm. 
And then, one started coding, and another kept observing. The coder tried to explain why to write every single line, and meanwhile, added some comments. The observer was able to tell typo, and void some problems that the coder hadn't realized. After doing the coding, we tested the program, and it passed on the online judge.

What's in your way?

The most important thing is still the cooperation. Actually, generally, I think that problem can be solved within 30 minutes by myself, but it turned out that we used almost 3 hours when did the pair programming. Especially, when I tried to explain the algorithm, it is not quite straightforward. For example, I've planed to use vector< vector <int> >, and another vector<int> to store the necessary information for a graph. I was not very sure about to extent should I explain the algorithm. 

Another trouble is that I am not so familiar with c++ STL, especially having some experience with other language like java or python. For example, in java, we use list but implemented with arraylist and linkedlist, but here in c++, we only have linked list named list. And also, the inisulization is not so straightforward, I need check the document to make the code work.

What will you do next week?

I'am going to get used to the C++ stl, and also try the pair programming again in another team. 