---
layout: post
title: Week7
---

What did you do this past week?

Last week I was working on the project4 with my parter. This cooperation was so great, that the first time I felt the efficiency had been improved. Although I don't know whether it is the normal way to do pair programming, we worked complementarily. My parter is strong in engineering stuff, especially for some details about c++, including grammar, memory management. And I am strong in algorithm design and strategy design. So in the working time, he can focus on details implementation, and I can pay attention to the whole strategy. For example, in deque, the translation between actual position to relative index is important but a little complicated. For some method, we need to change several formula to set the top and bottom. So, my work was making sure the algorithm is right, and so that he could just focus on writing correct code.

Another important thing I've learned is the design pattern. I've learned system design principle before, because I was a Management Information System student. And our design principle is focusing on big picture, which makes it so abstract. And after reading the design pattern in C++, I've seen same principle with details in certain programming language, which helps a lot in understanding the language and principle. 

Besides, the template programming is exciting. The first time I heard that we can make such optimization at compiler time before runtime. 

What's in your way?

The memory management. I am not familiar with allocator, so when in implementation process, we've looked up the document, and later tested several features. Finally, we've got rid of memory leaking. 

What will you do next week?

Prepare for the last test.